welcome back to horror recaps today i
will be showing you a thriller from 2019
titled fractured
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
raymond rowe is a middle-aged man and a
recovering alcoholic
one thanksgiving he is driving back home
with his wife joanne from her parents
their daughter peery is in the back seat
listening to music on her headphones
the adults are arguing about the state
of their relationship
joanne tells rey that their marriage has
been broken for a while
from the backseat kiri complains about
her headphones not working
rey sings with piri to keep her
entertained meanwhile
kyrie wants to use the restroom ray
pulls over at the nearest gas station
he goes inside to get batteries for
piri's headphones and coke for joanne
while joanne takes fury to the restroom
at the counter the cashier says they
take only cash
rey is short of money so he skips the
batteries but gets two small bottles of
liquor
a coffee and a coke when joanne asks him
about the batteries
he lies and tells her they didn't have
them after they are seated
puri notices her compact is missing the
family searches for it in the car
but puri seems to have dropped it in the
restroom joanne goes in search of it
while ray gets up to check under perry's
c
he mistakenly drops his coffee while
doing that as he is cleaning it
fury gets distracted by a balloon in the
nearby construction site
she goes near it and stares at it for
some time just then
she notices a dog coming towards her
scared puri retreats slowly
calling for her daddy but is stuck
between the dog and the edge of a pit
ray finally notices the dog he goes near
it carefully to try and chase it away
but as he throws a rock at it fury gets
scared and falls into the pit
while trying to catch her rey too falls
into it the screen goes black
ray wakes up in the pit to a crying
joanne coming down to the pit
he cannot think straight as he looks at
joanne who is trying to check fury for
injuries
his head is injured too joanne comes to
him crying hysterically but he pushes
her aside
ray closes his eyes and when he opens it
everything seems normal
peer is conscious but is in a lot of
pain joanne assumes her arm is fractured
he gently picks peery up and gets into
the car joanne is about to call for an
ambulance
but rey tells her there's a hospital
nearby and it would be quicker if he
drove
while they are driving rain nearly
escapes an accident
they finally get to the hospital ray
goes in to get them checked in
but the hospital is packed with people
joanne sits down with peer as ray talks
with the receptionist
she tells him that they need to wait for
their turn the three of them wait with
the others
but perry is whimpering in pain ray gets
up again and signs a paper
the receptionist tells him they will be
called when the doctor becomes available
he notices the nurse and the
receptionist talking about a 15 year old
boy that doesn't think much of it
he then goes back to sit down with them
perry has fallen asleep in joanne's lap
she apologizes to him for being too
harsh on him
as they wait rey's name is called a
nurse asks them for necessary
information
the couple starts to get annoyed because
of the overly intrusive questions
she also asks them if they want to
register peery as an organ donor but
they refuse
a nurse takes the family to the general
ward and they finally meet a doctor
he tells them that piri needs a cast he
also asked piri if she hit her head
to which she answers yes the doctor is
scared perry has internal bleeding and
so he suggests a procedure
ray and joanne decide to stay at a motel
that day as piri gets her cast
she is now taken to get her head scanned
in a wheelchair the nurse tells them
that only one parent can go to the cat
scan room with piri
ray decides to wait outside as they
separate
purie tells rey that she loves him rave
falls asleep waiting for them
after a long time he wakes up in the
waiting area
he looks out the window to see it is
still daytime ray freshens up and goes
to ask the receptionist about his wife
and daughter
the receptionist has changed shifts the
nurse checks the record and asks him to
wait meanwhile
after some time rey gets impatient and
goes to see the receptionist again
this time the nurse checks the record
but cannot find perry's name in it
ray gets more and more annoyed by time
he asks for the doctor who checked fury
earlier but everyone has changed shifts
he bangs the receptionist's desk in
frustration which makes her call the cat
scan room
the person on the other end tells her
that there has been no six year old
patient that day
ray asks her where his family is to
which she suggests he might be in the
wrong hospital
he keeps on telling her that it is not
possible however she dismisses him and
starts assisting another person
ray is confused as to what happened and
runs to the prohibited area of the
hospital
the receptionist sends a crew member
after him but he doesn't stop
when he gets to the ward officials stop
him he tells them about his daughter and
wife
the doctor checks the record for him but
no registration has been made in perry's
name
just then ray sees the nurse who helped
them earlier
he demands the doctor to ask her the
nurse recognizes rey and says he was
treated for a head injury that morning
but she doesn't know anything about his
daughter or wife
rey starts to get out of control and
blames the nurse for lying
the doctor suggests he has a contusion
from his head injury and that he is
delusional
ray then tries to attack the nurse and
has to be restrained by the security
however he gets more violent by the
seconds the doctor has no choice but to
drug him to calm him down
he is given a sedative and locked in a
room ray tries to go up to the door to
open it but the drug starts working
and he gets hazy he then finds a box of
medicine in a cabinet and injects
himself with it
this makes his haziness go away so he
tries to unlock the door again
when he fails in doing so he punches
down the glass door and escapes
the nurses see him running away and call
the security ray walks around the
hospital looking for his wife and
daughter when he sees the nurse who took
them to the cat room that morning
but before he can talk to the nurse a
security guard chases him
ray runs out of the hospital and somehow
manages to get away
he then gets into his car and drinks
joann's coke from earlier
just then he sees a police car outside
he rushes in front of it and starts
blabbering about his wife and daughter
to them
the police officers ask him to calm down
he explains everything that has happened
they look at his id and agree to help
him ray
along with the two police officers go
inside the hospital again
the receptionist calls security as soon
as she sees rey
but since the police are with him too
the security guard lets them in
they go into the ward again and talk to
the doctor from earlier
he tells the officers that there could
be a potential mistake in the records
ray asks to be taken to the cat lab the
doctor takes them to the lab on the
third floor
but ray clearly remembers it being
downstairs they go up and check the lab
time
it shows that the only patient who has
been there that day is an old lady
they then call the doctor who checked
fury as they are waiting for him
the receptionist finds the paper ray has
signed in the morning
the doctor arrives just then he
remembers ray from earlier but says that
he came in for his head injury
not for his daughters ray had refused a
cat for himself
saying that he had to wait for his wife
abby outside abby is ray's ex-wife
who died years ago ray accuses the
doctor of kidnapping his family
the final way to confirm his claims is
the cctv footage
all of them go to look at the footage
from the morning but peery and joanne
are not visible because of the camera's
angle
the police officers tell ray that he
needs a search warrant to search the
hospital
they start to doubt his story he shows
them pictures of joanne and perry and
tells them to ask the gas station
cashier for confirmation
they go back to the ward where rey finds
fury scarf
he also meets a psychiatrist named
teresa jacobs there
the doctor and the officers tell him to
go with her for a talk
she takes him to a room and shows him
his administration file
but the file does not mention peery at
all teresa asks him about the incidents
before he came to the hospital and about
abby
he tells her that she died eight years
ago in a car accident
ray insists it has nothing to do with
his family now and starts to cry
teresa suggests they take a look at the
place where perry had the accident
because she thinks they might still be
out there
ray and theresa go back to the
construction site with the police
the police search team is there too they
are searching for joanne and piri
the search dog finds piers compact from
where she fell earlier
they also find a pool of dried blood in
the concrete it is way too much to be
raised
the police declare it a crime scene ray
now starts to blame the police officer
for planning the blood in the mirror
teresa tries to calm him down they talk
about the incidents that happened before
the accident
ray tells her he was mad at piri for not
listening when he asked her to stay
still
he starts blabbering again theresa
believes that ray made up the story
about the accident and that there was no
dog
she pushes him to think harder about
what happened she asks ray where he had
put joanne and fury
ray goes silent and stares into
nothingness the police arrest him on
suspicion of the murder of his wife and
daughter
but as they are about to handcuff him
ray snatches a gun and holds teresa at
gunpoint
he asks everyone to put their guns and
radios on the ground
he then locks them in the gas station
takes teresa's card
and flees to the hospital at the
hospital he takes a gun from the car and
walks around the hallway
while he is at it rey comes across the
maternity ward
the newborns remind him of his accident
with abby it had killed both abby and
his unborn child
after a while he composes himself finds
an apron
and poses as a doctor he is now finally
at the elevator
where he saw jaren and perry last but
the elevator needs a key to be used
just then the security guard from
earlier comes in
ray threatens him with the gun and asks
for the keys the guard attacks ray
they fight and ray strangles the man to
death he takes the elevator to the floor
his family was taken to
he finally goes in with the gun and
finds perry's toy in a bin
he sees two doctors with boxes of human
organs in them
then he goes into a room full of dead
bodies that have their organs harvested
now rey is sure the hospital is using
her daughter for her organs
he walks through the hallway and notices
some doctors operating a kid
he looks closely to see it as his
daughter piri he also finds joanne in
the same room
ray threatens the doctors with a gun
puts peery and joanne in a wheelchair
and tries to run away
however the doctors restrain him they
are about to inject him with a sedative
but he shoots a piece of hospital
equipment causing an explosion
ray then runs away with joanne and perry
and shoots another doctor on his way out
he puts them on the back of his car and
drives away in the car
puri tells him her arm still hurts he
sings a song to make her feel better but
as he does that
we see the person sitting in the back
seat is not peery but a seriously ill
patient who rey has extracted from their
surgery
rey's mind has created a false reality
to shift itself from trauma
piri had died from falling into the pit
and it was ray who killed joanne when he
pushed her and had landed on a sharp
piece of rebar in the construction site
their bodies were in the trunk of rey's
car this whole time
the movie ends as ray imagines joy and
telling him to go home
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching
you